#### xx/12/2044
- Celeste gets their grandmothers electric bass from their mother as a christmas gift, their mother used to play it but gave up after marrying ~~*Shadow1*~~. they are excited to play it but also anxious because they have never played anything like it before, they try not to show it though.

#### xx/01/2045 (2 months before now/recital)
> Celeste and Vixy dont see their parents as shadows yet but instead just think thats what love is.
> Vixy/Celeste think that their parents are right and dont see whats happening as actual abuse.
> Celeste tries to give off the idea that everything is fine.

- their parents *convinced* Celeste to play with their brother and his friend, Ebony at the school recital that was a whole 2 months in the future and put imense pressure on the younger child to be "celestial and perfect", so she would practice for hours and hours, when she would refuse to practice any longer their ~~father~~ would hit them and shout at them that they were "being lazy" and that they should put in more effort because "how else will people see how perfect you are??" ending with a *sweet* "~~i love you, Celeste~~". they feel like its for their best.
- Ebby and Vixy already know how to play and have been practicing for ages, while Celeste hasnt.. ~~maybe thats why their father pressures them so much~~, nontheless this puts even more pressure on them to learn and get good at playing because people are counting on them, ~~and if they mess up it will ruin everything~~.. they try to give off the idea they are fine with the pressure and that they really dont mind having to learn how to play a whole instrument professionally in a couple months, in reality though they are suffering and they are *tired*.
- their bithdays will always be tainted with the feel that one year less remains till that special day, the day of the recital.. the day that will haunt their family for ever (to be elaborated)
- their ~~mother~~ would usually try to convince them that their father was right in hitting them and that they should just try harder: "you should try to understand him.. he just wants the best for you and gets frustrated when you *dont put in enough effort*, maybe try practicing harder and he might not hit you tomorrow, ~~i love you, Celeste~~".
- their brother on the other hand didnt really have anything special to him, at least to his parents eyes he was your average teenage boy. he didnt really get involved in his parents treatment of his sibling other than ocasionally asking them "is everything okay?", "why did they do that to you?", "are you trying hard enough??", "arent you supposed to be perfect??", "*why the fuck are you crying??*", "*~~what are you doing with your life?!?~~*"... you know, the normal questions everyone asks their sibling right?
- despite all this Celeste still cares for him and despite a few slipups they try to maintain the image that they dont mind and have everything together because ~~if they arent "friends" with their brother then who would she be friends with, Ebony? no dont be stupid, she doesnt care and wouldnt want to be friends with an emotional fuck like them~~ 
- even if they feel ..abused.. they think they deserve it for not being good enough right?

#### xx/02/2045
> Celeste starts seeing their parents as "shadows", in other words their parents couldnt actually be their parents because in their mind they wouldnt **ever** abuse them, so therefore they have to be "shadows of their parents". they use this to deny reality.
> Vixy starts to see how abusive his parents actually are and reaches the same conclusion Celeste has, he continues acting like he agrees with them only out of fear.
> Vixy will deny that he could have treated Celeste like that but will come to terms with it after a few mental breakdowns that will scar his personality for ever.

- Celeste, despite their best efforts to keep the act together their grades plumet, creating cracks in their "perfect personality". they hide their exam papers and edit the numbers so their father doesnt get mad, he seems to be fooled by this. their brother finds out but decides not to talk about it. ~~they start cutting more.~~
- Ebony tries to get closer to Celeste because of the recital and because she is Vixys sibling but they dont seem interested in a friendship ~~they dont want to hurt her~~ 
- Vixy continues thinking he is doing the right thing, though hes starting to notice how his sibling is being affected by his harsh words, like how they barely leave their room because they are constantly, non stop practicing, and how despite that they still get yelled at and.. ~~abused?~~.. no it couldnt be abuse, it couldnt, they just love them and want the best for them, thats all.. right?.. how could I fucking let them be treated like that?? *HOW COULD I??* ..anyways he doesnt get involved, and only tries to get better at comforting them.. even if its from a safe distance. (safe from what? he doesnt "deserve" to be hit so why is he scared?). 
- despite wanting to help his younger sibling Vixy will continue acting like he agrees with his parents, not because he actually agrees with them, but out of his own safety.
- their ~~parents..?~~ wait.. who were they again? the people that yell at me.. they cant be my parents, they.. my parents want the best for me right? their good people right?? *~~these shadows that hit me cant be them..~~* anyways, the shadow that's caring, their ~~mother~~, keeps telling them how great their recital will be and how perfectly she will play.. those words dont feel comforting though, expecially not from *it*... it constantly talks about how well Celeste will play and about how beautifull her playing on that day will be. ~~the day that was supposed to be their birthday is now just the day of the recital~~

#### 14/03/2045 (now/recital)
> Celeste still sees their parents as shadows and wants their "real parents" to be back, they notice hes actually their real father when hes stabbed, but decides to deny this whole situation even happened and isolate themself.
> Their father doesnt see Celeste as his child anymore and instead sees them as an imperfect creature because "Celese wouldnt do something like that".
> Vixy notices its his father the moment hes stabbed but decides to double down on denying that for his own sanity.
> 

- Celeste cant handle the pressure and abuse anymore and takes the drastic measure of setting fire to their bass, if they dont have a bass they cant play and therefore be pressured to play, not anymore.. "i wont be "perfect" anymore but thats okay right? mum and dad will be understanding and things will go back to normal right?? the shadows.. they.. they will disappear wont they?? ~~my mum and dad will finally be back~~.." sadly for them their plan doesnt work. the agressive shadow shouted.. and shouted.. and yelled.. and when it noticed that *its precious "perfect child"* wasnt perfect anymore it fell into a fit of rage and in its desperation not to let them suffer for their imperfection and for their error, decided to cut their life right then and there, he would stab ~~his own child~~.. his.. child..? that- that couldnt be them.. no, that *figure*, that abominable less than human creature that stood infront of him that cried, and cried and sobbed uncontrolably pleading for forgiveness and understanding **couldnt** *be them*.. he would put *it* out of its misery with a swift blow to the chest. at the very moment he lifts both his arms with a knife inbetween his palms to kill ~~Celeste~~ Vixy notices that if he doesnt do something his younger sibling.. his only younger sibling would die at the hand of the *thing* he used to trust, so he lunges forward at ~~it~~ pushing that *thing*, that shadow with all his strength into the wall away from his dear sibling Celeste. *into the wall..* into the... into..... ..Vixy looking down at the splatter of blood that slowly made its way down noticed that he had just pushed his ~~father~~ into his own knife. the shadow glared in disbelief at the child that was once on his side, and to the child that he once *loved* he muttered through tears "i.. love.. you ***~~Celeste...~~***". Celeste runs up, pushes their brother away and with tears in their eyes embraces *the thing they once saw as their father*, sobbing uncontrolably into its shoulder pleading and begging for it to stay alive, not caring nor remembering that it abused them.. they both colapse shortly afterwards. he dies on the way to the hospital.
- Celestes birthday will always be tainted with the image of her father being pushed into his own knife and being brutally killed by their own brother.
- the day that was meant to be the recital is now the day of their fathers death
- Celeste stops caring about their life and doubles down on being apathetic.
- once Celeste wakes up she atempts to ~~hang themself~~ in their room without telling anybody but fails because they dont fully commit to it and back out before fainting, it leaves a bruise on their neck that they cover using a scarf. 
- Ebony trys to contact Vixy  but doesnt get a reply.

#### the days after the recital
>their mother tries her best to take care of them and to move on from all thats happened, because well.. they're still her kids after all, but it wont be enough, they will have to learn how to forgive themselves on their own.
>Vixy tries to cope by isolating himself, denying that he killed his ~~father~~ and not just a "shadow" and by ignoring what happened, but not nescessarily doing the same with his emotions.
>Celeste tries to cope by isolating themself in their daydreams and in their room completely, and by bottling up/ignoring their emotions to protect themself from ever having to feel them.

- Vixy doesnt go to prision for his crimes because it is considered self-defense and therefore he is innocent... he doesnt feel like hes innocent though and regrets letting things getting to this point out of fear, fear of helping his own sister survive constant abuse.. 
- Vixy and Celestes mother will try to take care of the duo but will be absent most of the story because she wont know how to help and wont have the mental energy to support her kids past occasionally asking if they are okay.
- Celeste will try to cope with what happened by dissociating and isolating themself from the outside world so they dont have to deal with their own emotions, while Vixy will ignore and deny that this even happened.~~vixy starts cutting~~.
- Ebony will try to contact Vixy but wont get a reply.
- Vixy wont ever hear from his other friends ever again.

#### a week later
- Ebony manages to contact Vixy and maintains regular-ish contact with him, she prefers to keep her distance because she believes by doing this she will be respecting his boundraries.. he interprets this as her not wanting to get involved and ruin her own mental health, to him this makes their conversations feel shallow.
- Celestes mother and brother suspect their atempted suicide but she doesnt say anything, while he believes its his fault, both try to forget about it and dont confront Celeste about it. Ebony notices and decides to talk to them about it but they deny she would ever do something like that, she isnt convinced.

#### sudden timeskip (about a year) (idk abt thisss) 

> because they will isolate themselves and forget most of what happened during that time due to dissociation, their mental health will deteriorate rapidly. there will be one page for each month that passes that will just have the date on it

#### xx/01/2046 (idkkkk)
- Celeste and Vixy have been mostly isolated for about a year at this point, but that changes when Ebony sends a text asking if she can come over.. she doesnt get a reply, but she tries again.. and again... and again.... day after day until Vixy lets her come over and tells her their address, when she gets there and knocks on the door to their apartament the mother of the duo ~~Clover~~ opens the door and lets her in, telling her how unexpected it is for them to be getting a visitor but how shes glad that someone still cares for her kids.. ~~what did she mean by that..?~~ Ebony ignores it and just gives her a warm but shy smile, after that she makes her way to Vixys room ~~-immediately seeing the scars on vixys wrists but decides not to bring it up-~~ and talks to him about life, and how hes been and how she will always be there if he needs anything.. blah blah blah, he feels like shes just saying that to be polite and even if it was genuine he would never actually want to talk to her about his problems.. so he just makes a couple dark jokes as a way to let out at least *some* of his emotions, they end up leaving Ebony even more concerned than she was before but she decides to just awkwardly laugh along, anyways she works up the courage and asks for Celestes number, Vixy is confused but obliges and gives it to her, after that they exchange some last words and Ebony makes her way home to her empty apartament.. her father once again isnt home. ~~*when was the last time she'd seen him..?*~~
- she tries to help because she believes that by helping them she might find out how to save herself and how to fix the emptyness she feels.

#### xx/02/2046 (wipppp)
- Ebby trys to help vixy  confront his past, the past that he has forgotten, but again it still doesnt work and he still isolates himself because of his guilt, ~~how he doesnt want to hurt her like he hurt Celeste~~, how unlovable he feels and because he sees it as fake, he sees it like that because he thinks he is unredeemable for his sins... wait.. ~~*what were them again..?*~~ anyways, she decides to continue "respecting his boundraries" and help him by texting instead of directly intervening. 
- vixy after being encouraged by Ebony decides to go out alone on walks sometimes to nowhere in particular like he used to.. she says its good for him but he feels like its more of an annoyance that anything. to be honest he only really does it because he didnt want to make her feel bad.
- Ebby despite her anxiety tries to contact Celeste, and after some time and with her help Celeste starts to get out of their room and stop isolating themself, and the two despite how Celeste tries to push her away become considering all things relatively close friends, close enough in fact that Ebony gives Celeste a spare key to her apartament in case she ever needed anything or needed a place to stay. despite making progress and "seeming" fine Celeste still hasnt confronted the root of the issue yet.. their emotions. *~~does Ebony know...?~~*
- Celeste treats Ebony coldly and tries to keep her at a distant because they dont want her to get hurt or for them to break whatever expectations Ebony might have for them. ~~Ebby interprets this as uninterest ~~

#### 24/03/2046 
- "things are seemingly  getting better, Vixy is the same though he has been going out" 
- Celeste is trying to cure themself by acting as if they were cured, instead of dealing with their emotions and feeling them they decide to cast the aside because they are "bad" or "depressing".. this fake happiness doesnt last long though
- Ebony and the reader, but mostly the reader believe that she has "Fixed them".
- Ebony knows that despite not being able to help Vixy much her job is done and that him and Celeste will be able to support each other for a certain amout of time, at this point they can and will keep on living for some time even if she is gone. ~~she convinces herself of this so she can die in peace~~
- her plan that by helping others she would save herself doesnt work, although she "saved" Celeste, Vixy still isolates himself, Celeste at this rate will still kill themself at some point, and she feels the same she did before this whole thing, maybe even worse, she feels drained, empty and unwanted by everybody ~~including her father~~... ..what she did wasnt enough was it? she wants them to have a reason to live, a definitive one that will last as long as they are alive.. so she atempts to ~~*overdose*~~ on her birthday. she hopes that her death, no her sacrifice will force Celeste and their brother to keep Living and hopes that the younger one will find someone who will like them back that wont be as broken as she is.
- Celeste goes to Ebony's flat to suprise her and wish her a happy 17th birthday but she doesnt answer the door, they try calling her phone but dont get a response no matter how many times they try.. they have a bad feeling and decide to go and have a look inside with the spare key she gave them, when she gets in she finds Ebony collapsed on the bathroom floor with an ~~empty pill bottle on the counter~~, Celeste takes a step back and cant believe that a person that was so "cheerful" and "happy" like her would do something like this, nor that this would happen right when things were starting to get better.. no.. it couldnt be happening, not now, not to them. they cover their mouth in shock and fall to the ground, after a few long seconds they call an ambulance that arrives minutes later that rushes her to the hospital. 
- Vixy on one of his routine walks hears what seems to be ambulance sirens coming from one of the nearby apartaments.. he swears thats where Ebony used to live when he went to her apartament with his other friends to play games and have fun.. anyways, he remembers its her birthday and decides to go there and check up on her, it would be a nice suprise to finally go to her flat again after so long.
- ==she doesnt make it.==
- Celeste swears never to forget her.
- after the paramedics leave Celeste finds her note on the kitchen counter that had details of Ebony's past, her relationship with her mother, her mothers death, her relationship with her father, how he never cared for her, how she.. Celeste pauses, liked me..? no.. no no no that ***cant*** be true, and how she wanted to save herself by saving.. them... ...its all their fault again isnt it..? its their fault for not seing the signs, its their fault for deciding to turn a blind eye to the few signs that there were.. it was their fault for pathetically trying to act distant to ""protect her"".. a person like them that drives others to die and that cant even save their own friend *doesnt deserve to live*. **~~Celeste grabs a knife~~**
- Vixy arrives at her flat, funnily enough her flat number is one of the few things he remembers from that time, but for some reason... it seems weirdly silent, and the door is wide open... odd, he decides to call out her name but recieves no reply.. he decides to go in and have a look, he knew that his sibling was probably here for her birthday so it wouldnt be too rude for him to just walk in, two maybe three steps in he hears crying.. no.. sobbing, coming from the kitchen..? "Celeste..?", he runs through the hall and straight to the where the crying was coming from, whatever had happened couldnt have been good. to his terror he finds Celeste leaned against the kitched counter with a note on their lap and a *knife held inbetween both their palms **pointed at their chest like how his ~~ӻⱥⱦħēɍ~~ did***. the older boy almost immediately instinctively understands whats going on, "w- what are you doing..? stop.. please.. im begging you... PLEASE, YOU CANT LEAVE ME ALONE LIKE THIS!!"
- Vixy immediately runs forward and holds their hands with the tightest grip he has ever had and after some struggling and begging manages to pry the knife out of their hand.. He embraces them and both of them immediately cry.. and cry.. and sob.. and scream.. and beg and plead for this all to be a dream and for them to at any moment now wake up one year before, when everything was okay.. but that never happens, this is reality, they cant go back to how things were. ~~Will~~ and Ebony will never be back no matter to whom they pray or how hard they beg.
- all of their quote on quote "progress" collapses.

#### xx/05/2046
***this part is very wip!!***
- Celeste will feel extremely guilty for not noticing the signs and for not being able to save her.
- after what happened both of them will be absolutely emotionally anihialated, they will decide to sit in silence together for a couple hours this time instead of isolating because if they isolate like **this**.. someone is dying.
- Vixy will blame himself for trying to distance himself from and her and that.. maybe if he hadnt she would have stayed...
- they will both want to die but will come to the conclusion that despite "not having a reason to live", they have to keep going because it would honour her death, and because of the last thing that she wanted to do before her death, "save them".
- they notice that hiding from their emotions and past wont protect them, Vixy starts to remember.. or at least the *few things* that Celeste can remind them of, even if its painfull.
- Celeste and Vixy will try to give themselves the space to feel whatever they have to feel even if its painfull, and both will remember that they will have to face it if they want to move on, honour Ebony's death and survive.
- Celeste will learn to forgive Vixy for killing their father, one things for sure though, they will never see him the same again. 
- ~~Celeste learns how to feel and cope with their emotions and Vixy remembers what happened and finally processes it~~ ***==that never happens==***
- ...Celeste and Vixy never recover from what has happened, and they dont forgive themselves for what has happened but nevertheless they will keep going, not for themselves but for each other and for their late friend Ebony. is it risky? yes, absolutely, the moment one of them decides to go, not even the desire to honour Ebony will stop the other from taking the same path, like how a line of dominoes will fall one after another. but will they make it work? they have to, maybe some day they will learn again how to live not for others but for themselves.
or
- Celeste atempts and succedes when they fully remember what happened, after that the book ends and the last page says: "thank you for reading"